# ETC5513 Assignment 3

## Project Title
Does Shooting More Lead to Winning More? An EPL Analysis

*Do teams that take more shots per game win more matches in the English Premier League?*

## Group Members:

* Bhavi Singh
* Zhuo Zhang
* Gen Sheng Goh

## Theoretical Background
The EPL (English Premier League) is a professional association football league and has 
the highest level of football league system. Seasons run every year from May to August 
in which multiple teams compete each other for the title of the Winner. We are going to 
analyse the teams on the basis of offensive and defensive strategies and their winning rate. 

## Getting Started

### Integrated Development Environrment 
*RStudio IDE* is an integrated development environment for R, a programming language for 
statistical computing and graphics. 

### Data Manipulation 

*Tidyverse* is a suite of packages in R programming that provide key data 
transformation functions.

### Reproducibilty and Research

*Here* package enables easy file referencing by using the top-level 
directory of a file project to easily build file paths. 

*knitr* is general-purpose tool for dynamic report generation in R.

*kableExtra* This package simplifies the way to manipulate the HTML or 'LaTeX' 
codes generated by 'kable()' and allows users to construct complex tables and 
customize styles using a readable syntax.

### Data Visualisation 

*ggplot2* is an R package for producing statistical, or data, graphics.

*Polychrome* is a package with Tools for creating, viewing, and assessing 
qualitative palettes with many (20-30 or more) colors.

*scales* package allows you to customize and control how data is transformed and 
mapped to visual representations in plots, particularly in terms of breaks, 
labels, transformations, and color palettes.

All the above packages can be downloaded in RStudio using : install.packages("package_name").

Please refer to the link below for documentation on the packages: https://www.rdocumentation.org

## License
This project is licensed under MIT License - see the LICENSE file for more details. 



